### thinkback.ai off dome:
1. single problem to solve <br>
    we live in the era of media and information. it's great but there is so much thrown at us everyday, that we don't even realise. there is information and guidance lost amongst entertainment and brainrot, it's possible that you brushed past a life-changing piece of advice, becuase it didn't seem as appealing to you as the subway surfers accompanied reddit story time video that came right before it. thinkback.ai aims to solve this issue by providing consumers a one-stop hub for all the content and information they want to hold on to for future reference, letting them come back to it at a time that works for them. 

2. target users <br>
    anybody who gets information from the internet. be it youtube, x, instagram, reddit, or even inspiration that you see online, anyone who wants to remember something they found on the internet can find benefit in the services provided by thinkback.ai

3. what does it do?  <br>
    thinkback.ai provides users with a personalised dashboard where they can store and collect the content and media they find on the internet. the application accepts their submission and uses AI to categorise it into various genres within their collection. when they feel they are ready to access it, they can return to the application and retrieve it through a multitide of different AI-powered processes. They can talk to the AI in a conversation (much like how we talk to chat-gpt) and describe the video to the model, after which the model will match their description to the appropriate entry in the collection and retrive said entry. The AI can also stay up to date with current world-affairs (politics, stock market, breaking events, time of year) and automatically suggest related content from the users collection based off that (e.g. if the user saved stock market strategies for when the market is weak in march, and the market crashes in september, the model will recognise this and suggest the user consumes that previously saved piece of media). The user can also have a conversation with the AI and the NLP agent in which the user can ask for suggested content for when they are feeling any particular way (e.g. user previously saved a motivational video to their collection, they can converse with the conversational-ai and tell it "i feel like im in a slump, please give me something to help me out." The conversational-ai agent can forward the message to the NLP agent where the NLP agent will detech that the user feels burnt-out and needs motivation. The search agent can then be invoked to find content in the collection related to motivation. The search agent can then forward this finding to the conversational-ai which then forms an action-plan that the user can follow, and returns that to the user along with the video that was retrieved from the collection). these are just a few of the workflow ideas that i had and i'm sure there are more that i have not though of yet.

4. why it it valuable/why is it better than the alternatives? <br>
    there is so much information that if we just applied at the right time can change our lives. the problem is that a lot of the times, we are consuming this information on platforms like YouTube Shorts, X, Instagram, and Reddit. these platforms are engineered to be addictive and to keep users on them for as long as possible. additionally, the saving and library system that many of these apps offer are static and oftentimes useless. it's easy to save a cool instagram reel that you found but how often do you actually go back and look for it when you want it? what if you forget about it? what if you saved it a long time ago and there are hundreds of other reels and posts above it? given the capabilites and advancements of modern day technologies, this is an analog and outdated process that needs to be revised. thinkback.ai offers to retrieve content for users when they neeed it, in a fast and efficient manner. it can retrieve content that the user has forgetten about and it can suggest content to the user when they didn't think that's what they would need. all of this, in a faster and more efficient process. 

5. value proposition <br>
    thinkback.ai provides users with a personalised and organised collection of the media and content they want to save, providing it to them in smart, AI-driven ways.

6. define features
    - AI collection + classification-agent - when a user wants to save a piece of media/content, they can give it to the AI collection + classification agent which will analyze and identifiers within the media (transcripts, titles, contents, descriptions, etc) and provide it with a main tag (e.g. motivational, financial, entertainment, academic), secondary tags (e.g. david goggins, workouts, betterment - for motivational, stock market, buy, advice - for financial, minecraft, buildings, story - for entertainment, chemistry, bonds, activation energy - for academic), and metadata to be able to unequivocally identify what the saved content is about.

    - AI search-agent - collects as much information as possible (context) from the conversational-agent, nlp-agent, and global-context-agent and uses it to identify metadata, secondary tags, and main tags on saved entries that best match the context given to it. it then makes an educated decision on what entry (or entries) best fit the context given to it, selects it, and provides it to the conversational-agent.

    - AI conversational-agent (search) - the user (when they want to retrieve some content and they know what they want) can speak to the conversational agent and say somehting like "I saved a video a couple of days about about how to build a bridge in minecraft, can you fetch it for me?" and the conversational-agent will understand that the query is a **direct search**, and hand it over to the search-agent to retrieve the requested media. when the requested media is returned to the conversational-agent, it can give it to the user and a short message like "here's the video you requested. enjoy!"

    - AI conversational-agent (suggestion) - the user (when they want to retrieve some content and they don't know what they want) can speak to the conversational-agent and say somehting like "I feel unmotivated right now. is there anything i saved before that can help me?" and the conversational-agent will understand that the query is **not a direct search** and will invoke the assistance of the nlp-agent, which will read and extract the emotion + context of the query. in this example the extracted context would be "unmotivated, lethargic, confused" the nlp-agent would then generate the positvie anti-thesis of this context (in this example, motivated, energetic, and laser-focused) and related terms. the conversational-agent will then hand its context, and the nlp-agent will hand its context both over to the search-agent which will also consider the context provided to it by the global-context-agent, and it will find the best matching entry (or entries). once these entries are found, it will forward them over to the conversational-agent and the conversational agent will provide that entry (or entries) to the user with a short action plan/what to do next that they can follow.

    - AI global-context-agent - this agent keep up to date on global/user-local events like breaking news, world events, national events, local events, politics, stock market, and things of that nature to stay "connected" with the rest of the world. when invoked by a query, it will accept and active context provided to it by the nlp-agent and the conversational-agent. it will use this active context to select the best few pieces of infomation from its global-context reserve to forward to the search-agent.

    - im sure there are more features we can add but these are the ones i could think of

7. 
